---
layout: post
title: Development Update 3 - 13/12/20
---

# Chris

## Notifications

Uses `flutter_local_notifications` and `timezone` to [schedule weekly notifications](https://github.com/UCLComputerScience/COMP0016_2020_21_Team26/pull/29).
Schedules recurring notifications using the `Europe/London` timezone, since our users will be
based in UK. For example, the user will receive a notification on Monday 12pm to ask them if
they wish to publish their last week's data to the server (if there is some data).

This is implemented using a `StreamController` of strings that represent the notifications that have
*already* been sent. Then the main screen widget sets a listener that opens the corresponding page
depending on the string. The string identifies what type of notification it was and it's purpose.

I initially tried a naive approach that didn't use streams, instead just immediately executing code
on notification press. However, if the app was closed, the specific widget/screen that needed to open
on click wouldn't do so due to a problem related to the context.

## Home Screen

I have completed a [first draft](https://github.com/UCLComputerScience/COMP0016_2020_21_Team26/pull/31) of what the home page could look like, the main widget of interest is the circular wellbeing widget. This changes color/gradient depending on what the last
wellbeing score was.

## First Time Setup

Asks the user for their postcode and support code then stores it using shared_preferences.

## Next Steps

Possible next tasks:
- Schedule Nudges based on low scores
- Export graph to PDF or JPEG.

# Saachi
This week, I finished the pedometer part of the checkup screen page and tested it. I had to adapt what I had made last week as I read that the [pedometer package](https://pub.dev/packages/pedometer) uses a stream and therefore would display the number of steps since the last reboot of the user’s phone, rather than the steps taken in a set time period. I used [this tutorial](https://blog.maskys.com/implementing-a-daily-step-count-pedometer-in-flutter/#commento-login-box-container) to adapt this stream to display the steps per week, rather than a day. I tested this and it accurately displays the number of steps. This used the hive package which stored the steps calculates the weekly steps.

I also started working on the home page, however, I’m getting build errors due to a 'duplicate file', I think this is a symptom of one of the packages we are using, so am working on fixing these before I continue.

## Next Steps
Next week, I plan to finish the home page and work on the splash screen intro to the app. 