---
layout: post
title: Development Update 12
---

# Chris

- Completed the architecture and dataflow
[diagrams](https://github.com/UCLComputerScience/COMP0016_2020_21_Team26/pull/186).
- Added an alternative build mode by having another main function. This is useful so
you can conveniently build the production version of the application from the command line,
instead of needing to edit any configuration files or use environment variables.
- Added more detailed comments to the codebase.
- Refactored and fixed the way we call
[SnackBars](https://api.flutter.dev/flutter/material/SnackBar-class.html)
in the latest version of flutter.
- Deleted the old backend commit history by pushing the code to a new (public)
repo. This is because there were some private credentials in the source code, but
I now use environment variables to determine those credentials.
- Added better mock testing to the backend code using the 'testify' go library.
- Added backend deployment guide to the README.md

## Next Steps

- Website:
    - Implementation
    - Testing - [unit | widget | integration] testing and profiling
- Mobile deployment guide

# Saachi

I addressed the last of client feedback and finished the user manual, which involved writing about the user nudges, adding screenshots, formatting it in Markdown for the [Github Wiki](https://github.com/UCLComputerScience/COMP0016_2020_21_Team26/wiki/User-Manual) and making a pdf for the deliverables.

I added a launch screen to the app and neatened the sketches we did previously for the website. I also wrote comments for the page files in the project, in preparation of the code review. 

Lastly, I wrote both sections of the [Research page on the project site](http://students.cs.ucl.ac.uk/2020/group26/research/). This involved researching similar apps and doing a Related Projects Review, and writing about our choices of programming languages, frameworks and libraries. 

## Next Steps
Next week, I plan to finish the website, write the CS News publicity article and start the individual report. 
