---
layout: post
title: Development Update 7 - 31/01/21
---

# Chris

[Wellbeing sharing](https://github.com/UCLComputerScience/COMP0016_2020_21_Team26/pull/82) 
is now feature complete.
You can:
- Add friends with QR codes.
- Send wellbeing graphs to them directly.
- Receive notifications when a user sends a graph (within 15 mins.)

This also comes with some nice UX additions like pull to refresh and
unread notifications indicator.

All this is done securely and privately using E2E RSA encryption, password authorization
(using bcrypt) and HTTPS for transmission.

I've also [began adding](https://github.com/thevirtuoso1973/team26-goviz/pull/6) 
API tests for the back-end since this feature required a couple 
new endpoints and a relational database to be added.

## Next Steps

- Finish back-end testing.
- Add more tests to the mobile client.

# Saachi

This week, I addressed feedback from the meeting last week, which asked us to remove the Share Data notification and instead automatically share data once permission has been given. Additionally, I ran through the app and changed the language to resemble the original app.

I wrote unit tests for the Change Postcode and Change Support Code widgets in the settings page. After sending APK, we received feedback about colour blindness accessibility so I also looked into [colour-blind-friendly palettes](https://venngage.com/blog/color-blind-friendly-palette/) and tweaked the colours in our app (e.g. the wellbeing score circle) and in the map. 

## Next Steps

I will addressing client feedback regarding user workflow and write unit tests for the onboarding. I additionally plan to test the wellbeing sharing notification feature on iOS and write a page on the website on Requirements and User Workflow.

