---
layout: post
title: Development Update 8 - 07/02/21
---

# Chris

My main focus this time was improving the usability of adding people in the app.
Although, QR codes may be sufficient in person, they become inconvenient when
adding someone remotely (even when the ability to export the QR code as an image
is provided.)

Therefore, my [solution](https://github.com/UCLComputerScience/COMP0016_2020_21_Team26/pull/118) 
was to provide sharable deep links that the user can send to their friends, so they can add them.
The friend clicks the link, and then clicks a second link in the web browser (with the app installed)
to be taken directly to the add friends page in the app.

[Here](https://www.figma.com/proto/nZUDNKJuf0hcUDXRUVGJOD/Add-With-URL?node-id=0%3A3&scaling=scale-down)
is a Figma to demonstrate this.

## Next Steps

- Further improve the usability/UI on client feedback.
- Continue adding tests and testing.
- Improve state management with Provider.
- Maybe polish UI: add highlighted tab, improve graph interaction, etc.?

# Saachi

## Project website
I mainly worked on the requirements page on the [project website](http://students.cs.ucl.ac.uk/2020/group26/) this week. This involved writing about Project Background & Client, Project Goals, Requirements Gathering, Personas, making Use case diagram and a Figma to demonstrate user flow.

## Usability
I also corrected the Onboarding pages based on client feebdack and fixed an error with the coach marks.

## Testing: Introduction pages
I began writing unit tests for onboarding/introduction pages.

## Next Steps

I plan to finish introduction screen unit testing and continue testing. Following this, possibly improving the UI and working on the website.
