---
layout: post
title: Development Update 6 - 24/01/21
---

# Chris

## Bug fix for Android 10 devices

Due to some [changes](https://developer.android.com/about/versions/10/privacy/changes#physical-activity-recognition)
with Android 10+ devices that aim to improve privacy, the step counter is not 
accessible by default, one must request permissions manually. (We only
discovered this later since we didn't have an Android 10 device to test.)

The solution was to target a lower Android API version, which means the system
will auto-grant you permission (to improve backwards compatibility), this is
also suitable since we don't depend on any modern Android API features.

## Widget Testing for Wellbeing Check screen

The wellbeing check screen inserts their wellbeing data into the DB, so we
definitely wanted to test this. To do this we used [mockito](https://pub.dev/packages/mockito)
and [clock](https://pub.dev/packages/clock). Mockito was needed to mock our DB
class and we used clock to also mock (or 'fake' as clock calls it) the time
so the tests wouldn't be dependent on the time we ran it.

## Wellbeing Sharing Development Started

The last big feature we aim to work on is the ability to share your wellbeing
data (as a graph) with a friend directly in the app. The back-end API needed
for this is essentially [complete](https://github.com/thevirtuoso1973/team26-goviz/pull/5). 
It uses a simple relational database for users and 'unread messages' (which is 
just the unread data).

## Next Steps

- Continue with the Wellbeing Sharing feature
- Add widget tests to another screen

# Saachi

## Client feedback: Language
This week, I addressed feedback from the client regarding the language of the app and making the tutorial clearer. This involved making the terminology more similar to the last version of the app, and less informal (such as, "Checkup" is now referrred to as "Wellbeing Check"). Additionally, I added a page in the intro screen that asks for user permission to share their data with the server. The pull request for addressing this feedback can be seen [here](https://github.com/UCLComputerScience/COMP0016_2020_21_Team26/pulls?q=is%3Apr+is%3Aclosed).

## User-scheduling notifications
After this, I introduced the option to schedule and reschedule the weekly Wellbeing Check and Share Data notifications. This involved adding a few pages in the intro screen that allows users to pick a day and a time, and 2 custom-made widgets to the settings page that allows them to change this day and time. This deletes the old scheduled notification and creates a new one. The pull request for this can be found [here](https://github.com/UCLComputerScience/COMP0016_2020_21_Team26/pull/81).

## Next Steps

Next week, I am planning to finish writing a unit test for the Settings page. After this week's meeting, we were also given feedback to remove the share data notification, so I will make this change.

If possible, I also want to clean up the settings page and add different sections for each set of widgets to improve clarity.
