---
layout: post
title: Development Update 5 - 17/01/21
---

# Chris

Aside from the elevator pitch, the main thing I worked on was developing an
[alternate step counter](https://github.com/thevirtuoso1973/flutter-plugins) 
for Android devices which do not have one.

This was achieved by forking an existing open source flutter package and
extending it significantly to provide an alternative step counter that
uses the device's linear accelerometer sensor. I've based the algorithm
off the one [here](https://dl.acm.org/doi/10.1145/1554233.1554235).

It has to be 'turned on', unlike dedicated step counters since
Android's dedicated step counters are active in the background.
My implementation uses an Android service that listens to the accelerometer
and performs some digital signal processing on the sensor data to try and
count steps.

## Next Steps

- Add Widget Testing (And Unit Testing if appropriate)
- In-app Wellbeing Sharing

# Saachi
This week, we worked on the elevator pitch but I also finished the introduction screen and made a tutorial for when users first download the app. 

I added a Checkup page for the intro screen, so users can input an initial wellbeing score and an approximation of steps. For the tutorial, I used [this package](https://pub.dev/packages/highlighter_coachmark). The purpose is to take the user through the features that may need explaining (in particular, the wellbeing graph).

I also began unit testing the settings page, but I am experiencing issues with testing the use of SharedPreferences and so this is what I plan to work on next.

## Next Steps
I plan to continue writing unit tests, and to add a feature that allows users to personalise the date and time of the notifications to the settings page. 