---
layout: post
title: Development Update 4 - 03/01/21
---

# Chris

## Share Button for Wellbeing Graph & Wellbeing Check

[Here's the PR.](https://github.com/UCLComputerScience/COMP0016_2020_21_Team26/pull/39)
Added a share button to any wellbeing graph that converts that graph widget
into a PNG using `RenderRepaintBoundary`' then adds this to a new PDF that
can be shared through the native mobile share screen.

Also adds two automated nudging systems:
- After every checkup, checks if this is the second time in a row
a score has dropped.
- Background process (using [Workmanager](https://pub.dev/packages/workmanager))
that monitors pedometer and nudges if steps haven't increased for approximately
48 hours.

## New MySql DB & Back-end Rewrite

Upon discussion with the client, we decided it best to create a new database
to work from so I defined an updated schema for the database and added it
to MySQL through the Linode server.

I also thought that the previous node.js codebase was unnecessarily bloated
so I rewrote nearly the entire codebase and achieved the same functionality
in under 200 lines of Go (as well as some HTML + JS).

## Next Steps

- Review & Polish Mobile Client
- Begin prototype of p2p nudges
- Improve UI of Back-end viz

# Saachi

Over the last two weeks, I created the introductions slides, the settings page and finished the formatting and design of all the existing pages.

## Introduction Slides
For the introduction slides, I used the package [introduction_screen](https://pub.dev/packages/introduction_screen). There are three slides: an initial welcome, a slide for the user to input their postcode and another to input their support code. For the first, I designed a new logo.

Here is the [pull request](https://github.com/UCLComputerScience/COMP0016_2020_21_Team26/pull/38). 

## Settings Page
The settings page allows the user to change their support code and postcode. The user input on this page changes their user model.

Here is the [pull request](https://github.com/UCLComputerScience/COMP0016_2020_21_Team26/pull/45).

## Consistent Formatting
I changed all the pages to the same colour and changed some of the formatting on the wellbeing/steps graph page and the home page to make the pages look cohesive.

Here is the [pull request](https://github.com/UCLComputerScience/COMP0016_2020_21_Team26/pull/46).


## Next Steps

In the next week, I aim to add a page for an intial wellbeing checkup in the introduction slides and work on the presentation.

In the future, I want to add a tutorial on how the app works and permission to use user data in the introduction screen, and an option to change the day and time of the weekly notification in the settings page.
